Daughter, if you don't come again
We take care of the family and the eight major families
How many times did I kill you like a jerk?
What's up?
Girl you don't know
This deal
He doesn't know what sinister means he used
Now win over Xiao
And the Temple of God, they're going to kill us
It's so vicious
Little kill Xiao Tianze Li Cangxuan, you are so brave
Don't you know that he is the enemy of our nine great families?
I don't know and I'm not interested in knowing
inexplicable
Hit if you want
What a lot of nonsense
Zhu Yanran, I advise you to finally
Go back and ask your master about luck
In your place
I don't deserve to speak to my Venerable One in this tone
Baozi you
How did you talk to Yun Yongzong?
Don't ask.
I will fight this unicorn today
If you can't even decide this little thing
Then I, the young sect master of Yun Yongzong, am not right
I'll give you three seats.
Get out of the way
What if you don't let it?
Then someone will pay me a return visit
No pills, no spirit, burn to death